RULES SET 2
No questioning the mods.
No @mentioning the mods.
No asking to be granted roles/moderator roles.
Contact the moderators under #📩︱open-a-ticket for support.
No @everyone/@here mentioning without permission.
No @mentioning spam.
No sexually explicit content.
No pornographic content.
No NSFW content (only in nsfw page). outside that will get you a ban for 24hrs on first offence 7 days for second and full ban for 3rd offence
No illegal content.
No piracy.(NONE)
No modding.(Only selected channels)
No homebrew.(Only selected channels)
No hacking.(Only selected channels)(No blackhat hacking)
No publishing of personal information (including real names, addresses, emails, passwords, bank account and credit card information, etc.).
No personal attacks.
No witch hunting.
No harassment.
No sexism.
No racism.
No hate speech.
No offensive language/cursing.
No religious discussions.(jokes can be made but this means no cults)
No political discussions.(same idea as above use common sense)
No sexual discussions.
No flirting.
No dating.
No flaming.
No flame wars.
Agree to disagree.(be an adult)
No trolling.(dont go over kill with it this is fun but can easily ruined by taking it to far)
No spamming.(bot wont let you)
No excessive messaging (breaking up an idea in many posts instead of writing all out in just one post).
No walls of text (either in separate posts or as a single post).
No excessive use of caps lock.
No overusing emojis.
No overusing reactions.
No external emoji's in channels that don't allow it.
Keep conversations in Respective language. 
Moderators reserve the right to delete any post.
Moderators reserve the right to edit any post.
No advertisement in channels of anykind.
No links in channels that don't allow it.
No linking to other servers.(this is not really needed as no one really cares anymore)
No memes in channels that don't allow it.
No pictures in channels that don't allow it.
No gifs in channels that don't allow it.
No bot commands in channels that don't allow it.
Bot commands only under #commands 
No channel hopping.
No offtopic/use the right text channel for the topic you wish to discuss.
